README.md, before:

# Adam Thompson's Portfolio


Hello there! 👋 I'm Adam Thompson, a passionate Web Developer with a keen interest in Web Developement. Welcome to my portfolio, where I showcase some of my most exciting projects and skills.

## About me 

I thrive on turning ideas into reality through code and design. With a background in Web Development, I've honed my skills in: 
- Python
- Javascript
- CSS
- HTML
- Django(Web framework)

I continuously seek opportunities to learn and grow. My aspiration is to become a contributer in the tech industry.

## Project Highlights

In this portfolio you'll find a collection of diverse projects that showcase my ability to tackle challenges and create meaningful solutions. Here are some highlights: 
- Pokedex: Pokedex that allows user to lookup a pokemon and lets user look at pokemon's abilities and type also user can add to their team's.
- Skyview: A simple weather app lets user lookup location anywhere in the world and also can compare two different locations.
- Third Project in works

## Skills 
I have hands-on experience in Front-end, back-end coding and Styling CSS. I'm always enthusiastic about exploring new technologies and frameworks. Some of the key skills I possess include:

- Communication
- Collaboration
- Creativity and design thinking
- Time Management

## Lets Connect!

I'm open to collaboration and always interested in hearing about new opportunities. If you'd like to discuss a project, have any questions, or just want to say hello, feel free to reach out to me at adamdthompson460@gmail.com or connect with me on LinkedIn: adamthompson460.

Thank You for visiting my portfolio. I hope you find something inspiring here!

Commit message:

Updated third project to readme.md

README.md, after:

# Adam Thompson's Portfolio


Hello there! 👋 I'm Adam Thompson, a passionate Web Developer with a keen interest in Web Developement. Welcome to my portfolio, where I showcase some of my most exciting projects and skills.

## About me 

I thrive on turning ideas into reality through code and design. With a background in Web Development, I've honed my skills in: 
- Python
- Javascript
- CSS
- HTML
- Django(Web framework)

I continuously seek opportunities to learn and grow. My aspiration is to become a contributer in the tech industry.

## Project Highlights

In this portfolio you'll find a collection of diverse projects that showcase my ability to tackle challenges and create meaningful solutions. Here are some highlights: 
- Pokedex: Pokedex that allows user to lookup a pokemon and lets user look at pokemon's abilities and type also user can add to their team's.
- Skyview: A simple weather app lets user lookup location anywhere in the world and also can compare two different locations.
- Todo app: A simple todo app allows user to sign in, login, logout, and user can add and delete todos. Todos are also sorted based on priority.

## Skills 
I have hands-on experience in Front-end, back-end coding and Styling CSS. I'm always enthusiastic about exploring new technologies and frameworks. Some of the key skills I possess include:

- Communication
- Collaboration
- Creativity and design thinking
- Time Management

## Lets Connect!

I'm open to collaboration and always interested in hearing about new opportunities. If you'd like to discuss a project, have any questions, or just want to say hello, feel free to reach out to me at adamdthompson460@gmail.com or connect with me on LinkedIn: adamthompson460.

Thank You for visiting my portfolio. I hope you find something inspiring here!
